h1. jQuery Bundle for TextMate

This is a TextMate bundle to help with jQuery functions.

h2. Authors

* Karl Swedberg
* Jonathan Chaffer

h2. License

This bundle is dual-licensed under MIT and GPL licenses (just like jQuery).

* "http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
* "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html

Use it, change it, fork it, sell it. Do what you will, but please leave the author attribution.

h2. Install

The quickest way to install the bundle is via the command line. If you have Git installed, you'll probably want to install with Git. With or without, you can simply copy and paste each line one by one into the Terminal (instructions lifted from <a href="http://github.com/drnic/ruby-on-rails-tmbundle">drnic</a>):

h3. Install with Git

  <notextile><pre><code>
  mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
  cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
  git clone git://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-tmbundle.git "JavaScript jQuery.tmbundle"
  osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'
  </code></pre></notextile>

h3. Install without Git:

  <notextile><pre><code>
  mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
  cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
  wget http://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-tmbundle/tarball/master
  tar zxf kswedberg-jquery-tmbundle*.tar.gz
  rm kswedberg-jquery-tmbundle*.tar.gz
  mv kswedberg-jquery-tmbundle* "JavaScript jQuery.tmbundle"
  osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'
  </code></pre></notextile>

h2. Download

If you'd like to avoid the command line altogether, you can download the bundle and install it:

# download the zip from "http://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-tmbundle/zipball/master":http://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-tmbundle/zipball/master
# find the zip file on your local machine and double-click to unzip it
# change the file name from _kswedberg-jquery-tmbundle-really_long_alpha_numeric_sequence_ to _JavaScript jQuery.tmbundle_ (with a dot rather than a hyphen).
# double-click the _JavaScript jQuery.tmbundle_ file
# open TextMate and select the following menu item: _Bundles > Bundle Editor > Reload Bundles_
# show the Bundle Editor (_Bundles > Bundle Editor > Show Bundle Editor_)
# scroll through the list of bundles to confirm that the bundle has been properly installed

h2. Other Stuff

* You can "report a bug or request a feature here":http://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-tmbundle/issues
* Find out about "getting jQuery bundle to work within script tags embedded in HTML":http://wiki.github.com/kswedberg/jquery-tmbundle/getting-jquery-bundle-to-work-within-script-tags-embedded-in-html
